so it it kind of depends on a couple of things. So So One main way to
distinguish one group of professors from another is essentially whether
they are tenure, track or not. Tenure track. So not tenure track
professors or sometimes referred to as adjunct professors. And so they
are sometimes also known as part time faculty. But that is kind
of a misnomer, because oftentimes they're working full time hours, but
they're not on the on the career path to getting tenure. Uh, tenure
is a special state that essentially protects the academic freedoms
of professors. Eso professors who are on the tenure track of their
career are sometimes referred Thio as a full time faculty. Um, and
within the tenure track, there are three different ranks of professors.
There are assistant professors, which is usually what most professor
start out with. So when you first get hired into a tenure track
position, you are an assistant professor, and then you are promoted
Thio, an associate professor, And that's about the same time that you're
also promoted to having tenure. And then after that, you could
be promoted to full professor, and that's kind of the last big promotion
in the In the Professor world. Um, there's also additionally the
rank of emeritus professor, which is given Thio professors that have,
I think, technically retired, but they do occasionally teach classes.